[doc] improve strong typing sentence (#1981)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-book/scala-features.md

- Method type declarations tell readers what the method does, and help serve as documentation
- Types make your code easier to maintain
- Scalability: types help ensure correctness across arbitrarily large applications and development teams

> - Strong typing in combination with excellent inference enables mechanisms like [contextual abstraction]({{ site.scala3ref }}/contextual/motivation.html) that allows you to omit boilerplate code which can be inferred by the compiler based on type definitions and a given context (e.g. method arguments for implicit parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strong typing in combination with excellent inference enables mechanisms like [contextual abstraction]({{ site.scala3ref }}/contextual/motivation.html) that allows you to omit boilerplate code. Often, this boilerplate code can be inferred by the compiler, based on type definitions and a given context (e.g. method arguments for implicit parameters).
```

> - Strong typing in combination with excellent inference enables mechanisms like [contextual abstraction]({{ site.scala3ref }}/contextual/motivation.html) that allows you to omit boilerplate code. Often, this boilerplate code can be inferred by the compiler, based on type definitions and a given context (e.g. method arguments for implicit parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strong typing in combination with excellent inference enables mechanisms like [contextual abstraction]({% link _overviews/scala3-book/ca-contextual-abstractions-intro.md %}) that allows you to omit boilerplate code. Often, this boilerplate code can be inferred by the compiler, based on type definitions and a given context (e.g. method arguments for implicit parameters).
```

- Lambdas are built in
- Everything in Scala is an expression that returns a value
- Syntactically it’s easy to use immutable variables, and their use is encouraged
- It has a wealth of immutable collection classes in the standard library
- Those collection classes come with dozens of functional methods: they don’t mutate the collection, but instead return an updated copy of the data

### A pure OOP language

Scala is a _pure_ object-oriented programming (OOP) language.
Every variable is an object and every “operator” is a method.

In Scala, all types inherit from a top-level class `Any`, whose immediate children are `AnyVal` (_value types_, such as `Int` and `Boolean`) and `AnyRef` (_reference types_, as in Java).
This means that the Java distinction between primitive types and boxed types (e.g. `int` vs. `Integer`) isn’t present in Scala.
Boxing and unboxing is completely transparent to the user.

{% comment %}

> - AnyRef above is wrong in case of strict null checking, no? On the other hand, maybe too much information to state this here

Reviewer: I agree it is too much info here.
